Oh no! It looks that we have crashed on a planet. Use the 'Y' and 'X' buttons on your left hand controller to move to the next text pane.

Where are we? You can look around, by well looking around.

You can walk around by looking in a direction and using the left controller joystick.

Awesome, now you are all set to help us get out of here!

Okay, so to get out of here, we are going to have to find places where rescue ships can land.

It turns out that rescue ships can only land at points on the planet that are locally spherical.

You are going to have to find these points, which we call UMBILICAL POINTS.

Aha! We have this tool called a Form2 Compass that will help us find these points.

You see that orange beam-thingy emanating out of your right hand controller? That is the compass's casting direction.

To activate the compass, use the right hand trigger and aim the casting direction at some place on the ground below you.

You see that orange peanut shape? That is our compass! You can ignore the cyan directions for now.

Do you see the orange directions? Each of those directions represents something called NORMAL CURVATURE.

NORMAL CURVATURE tells the measure of how much a surface 'curves' as one moves in a certain direction.

Remember how I described your compass as peanut shaped? Well, that is because in certain directions the surface is curving more than it is in others.

Where the peanut is longest, the surface is curving the most, and where the peanut is shortest, the surface is curving the least.

To leave the planet, you are going to have to find all of the UMBILICAL POINTS. Every. last. one.

If an UMBILICAL POINT is a point that looks locally spherical, this means that the measure of NORMAL CURVATURE is the same every direction.

Your compass looks like a peanut because in some directions the planet is curving more than others.

Since an UMBILICAL POINT is locally spherical, at such a point your compass will show the same curvature in every direction.

What shape should the compass look like at an UMBILICAL POINT if all of the normal curvatures are the same in every direction?

Before I let you go on your mission, one last thing.

Because we do not really know the shape of this planet, I am going to give you a minimap.

The minimap will show you your current location, the path you have walked, and the already discovered UMBILICAL POINTS.

To see the minimap, you will need to disable the tutorial. To activate and disable press the left controller joystick.

To both activate and disable the minimap, press the left hand trigger.

Well go on! Use your Form2 compass and the minimap to find all of the UMBILICAL POINTS!

Do you want to be stranded here forever?

Good luck, and have fun ;) !